Correct SOU_TRN vram data transfer format (#461)
gbdev/pandocs: src/SGB_Command_Sound.md

 1-F   Not used (zero)
```

> The sound code/data is sent by [VRAM transfer](<#VRAM Transfers>) as a contiguous list of "packets".

Reviewer: Should "data" be enough here instead of the potentially confusing "code and/or data"?

Reviewer 2: Well, most applications of `SOU_TRN` will only upload custom data for Kankichi-kun, but it's possible to upload a custom sound driver as well. Hence "code and/or data".

Reviewer: @ISSOtm okay, that makes sense. Thanks for the clarification.

> The sound code/data is sent by VRAM-Transfer (4 KBytes), by optionally specifying some `data transfer` packets from the SNES to its APU, and ending with a `jump` packet.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The sound code/data is sent by [VRAM transfer](<#VRAM Transfers>) as a contiguous list of "packets".
```

All 16-bit values are little-endian.

Data transfer packet format:
```
 00-01  Size of data below (XX); if zero, this is instead a jump packet
 02-03  Destination address in S-APU RAM (typically $2B00, see below)

>  04-XX  Data to be transferred

Reviewer 2: Wait, I'm not so sure anymore. Does `XX` include the 4-byte header? Probably not; then `04-XX` should become `004-N+4`, or something like that.

>  00-01  Size of data below (XX); if zero, this is instead a jump packet
>  02-03  Destination address in S-APU RAM (typically $2B00, see below)
>  04-N+4  Data to be transferred

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 0-1    Size of data below (N); if zero, this is instead a jump packet
 2-3    Destination address in S-APU RAM (typically $2B00, see below)
 4-N+4  Data to be transferred
```

>  000-001  Size of transfer data
>  002-003  Destination address in S-APU RAM (typically $2B00, see below)
>  004-XXX  Data to be transferred

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 00-01  Size of data below (XX); if zero, this is instead a jump packet
 02-03  Destination address in S-APU RAM (typically $2B00, see below)
 04-XX  Data to be transferred
```

```

Jump packet format:
```

>  000-001  Should be $0000
>  002-003  S-APU jump address, should be $0400 to safely restart the built-in SGB BIOS' N-SPC sound engine

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 00-01  Must be $0000
 02-03  S-APU jump address, use $0400 to safely restart the built-in SGB BIOS' N-SPC sound engine
```

>  00-01  Must be $0000
>  02-03  S-APU jump address, use $0400 to safely restart the built-in SGB BIOS' N-SPC sound engine

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 0-1  Must be $0000
 2-3  S-APU jump address, use $0400 to safely restart the built-in SGB BIOS' N-SPC sound engine
```
